README.md, before:

# Ext Search Dialog

* To show create new item (related item) window from the search dialog.
* Item (related item) created in the Search dialog will be linked automatically to new item calling search dialog
* The create permission will be controlled by the Can Add permission of the new (related) item which is going to be created.

## History

This project and the following release notes have been migrated from the old Aras Projects page.

Release | Notes
--------|--------
[v10SP4](https://github.com/ArasLabs/ext-search-dialog/releases/tag/v10SP4) | Instructions are described in the ReadMe.pdf

#### Supported Aras Versions

Project | Aras
--------|------
[v10SP4](https://github.com/ArasLabs/ext-search-dialog/releases/tag/v10SP4) | 10.0 SP4

## Installation

#### Important!
**Always back up your code tree and database before applying an import package or code tree patch!**

### Pre-requisites

1. Aras Innovator installed
2. Aras Package Import tool
3. **ExtSearchDialog** code tree overlay

### Install Steps

1. Backup your code tree and store the backup in a safe place.
2. Copy `..\CodeTree\Innovator\` from the project into the root directory of your Aras instance, merging the two Innovator folders.
3. Clear your browser cache before logging in to Aras.

## Usage

Review the [ReadMe-ExtSearchDialog.pdf](./Documentation/ReadMe-ExtSearchDialog.pdf) for information on using the project.

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

## Credits

Created by NEOSYSTEM Co., Ltd.

Commit message:

Migrate build 11SP5 from old community site

README.md, after:

# Ext Search Dialog

* To show create new item (related item) window from the search dialog.
* Item (related item) created in the Search dialog will be linked automatically to new item calling search dialog
* The create permission will be controlled by the Can Add permission of the new (related) item which is going to be created.

## History

This project and the following release notes have been migrated from the old Aras Projects page.

Release | Notes
--------|--------
[v11SP5](https://github.com/ArasLabs/ext-search-dialog/releases/tag/v11SP5) | Support version 11SP5. Instructions are described in the ReadMe.pdf
[v10SP4](https://github.com/ArasLabs/ext-search-dialog/releases/tag/v10SP4) | Build v10.0 SP4 is the initial version. For How-to, please refer to the description in the ReadMe.pdf.

#### Supported Aras Versions

Project | Aras
--------|------
[v11SP5](https://github.com/ArasLabs/ext-search-dialog/releases/tag/v11SP5) | 11.0 SP5
[v10SP4](https://github.com/ArasLabs/ext-search-dialog/releases/tag/v10SP4) | 10.0 SP4

## Installation

#### Important!
**Always back up your code tree and database before applying an import package or code tree patch!**

### Pre-requisites

1. Aras Innovator installed
2. Aras Package Import tool
3. **ExtSearchDialog** code tree overlay

### Install Steps

1. Backup your code tree and store the backup in a safe place.
2. Copy `..\CodeTree\Innovator\` from the project into the root directory of your Aras instance, merging the two Innovator folders.
3. Clear your browser cache before logging in to Aras.

## Usage

Review the [ReadMe-ExtSearchDialog.pdf](./Documentation/ReadMe-ExtSearchDialog.pdf) for information on using the project.

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

## Credits

Created by NEOSYSTEM Co., Ltd.
